we have to stop Ronin how I have a plan
you've got a plan
yes first of all you're copying me from
when I said I had a plan I'm not people
say that all the time it's not that
unique of a thing to say
secondly I don't even believe you have a
plan I have part of a plan what
percentage of a plan do you have you
don't get to ask questions after the
nonsense you pulled on knowhere
I just saved quill we've already
established that you destroying the ship
that I'm on is not saving me what do we
establish Reese Ekans ago no wasn't
listening divorced thinking of something
else
oh she's right you don't get an opinion
what percentage I don't know
12% 12% it's real totally fake that is
the most real authentic hysterical laugh
of my entire life because that is not a
plan barely a concept you're taking
their side I am Groot so what it's
better than 11% what the hell does that
have to do with anything
thank you group thank you see roots the
only one of you who has a clue